
Oracle Cloud EPM - Post Assessment - L1

*		What is the recommended resource that Solution Engineers should leverage to build custom demos?
Quick Tours
=> GSE Demo Environments
OPNEC Demo Environments
Oracle Managed Services Environments


*		What are the current market trends  for Enterprise Performance Management (EPM)?
=> Easy adoption, rapid value, flexible cloud deployments,scalability.
Rapid value, flexible on-premise and cloud deployments, long implementations, scalability.
Non-reliance on spreadsheets, rapid value, easy adoption, scalability.
Rapid value, long implementations, static systems, easy adoption.


*		What is one of the key differentiators of Oracle Enterprise Performance Management?
=> Provide customers flexible and integrated deployment choices.
Provide customers with on-premise counterpart for each cloud offering.
Allow optional patches and upgrades to pick up new features and enhancements.
Service one size fits all with consultative guidance.


*		Where is Oracle¡¯s go-to source for all things cloud, product information, data sheets, FAQ, white papers, release readiness and product documentation?
Sales Central
Oracle Partner Network
Oracle Technology Network
=> Oracle.com


*		Which online portal available to Oracle employees provides easy access to key customer sales assets?
Demo Central
Sales Central
=> eSource
Persona Central


*		What features do all Enterprise Performance Management Cloud solutions have in common?
Enterprise grade deployment, application creation wizards, out of the box calculations, hierarchies and reports, and fully managed by Oracle.
=> Fully integrated with the EPM Cloud, fully managed by Oracle, enterprise grade deployment, and Microsoft Office integration.
Out of the box hierarchies, fully integrated with the EPM Cloud, Microsoft Office integration, and fully managed by Oracle.
Fully managed by Oracle, enterprise grade deployment, narrative-based management reporting, application starter kit.



*		The following resources can be found on Sales Central?
Quick Demo, SE Request Form, Industry Analysts, Elevator Pitch
Elevator Pitch, Pricing, Industry Analysts, Battlecard
Battlecard, Elevator Pitch, Quick Demo, Industry Analysts
=> Pricing, Battlecard, Elevator Pitch, Quick Demo



*		What are the Benefits of Planning in the Oracle EPM Cloud?
=> Better Alignment, Time and Resource Savings, Accelerated Growth
Siloed Departments, Increased Resource Demands, Accelerated Growth
Increased Resource Demands, Accelerated Growth, Better Alignment
Stagnent Growth, Better Alignment, Time and Resource Savings


*		What is one of the top reasons to move to the cloud?
Decreased collaboration and communication.
=> Automatic updates for new software features and functions.
Raises the cost of total Ownership.
Continues to use multiple EPM Systems.


*		How is Oracle EPM Cloud described?
=> Complete, Connected, Intelligent, Best in Class
Disconnected, Best In Class, Intelligent, Complete
Best in Class, Incomplete, Disconnected, Intelligent
Incomplete, Connected, Intelligent, Best in Class
