
*		What online resource provides Solution Engineers with demo environments, demo scripts, and pre-built click through demos?
Sales Central
Oracle Managed Services Environment
=> Demo Central
Oracle Technology Network

*		What is one of the top reasons to move to the Oracle cloud?
Business value is marginal
=> Make the organization future ready
Increased total cost of ownership
Infrequent updates and upgrades


*		What type of business activities does Oracle ERP Cloud offer solutions for?
Workforce Management, Talent Management and Human Resources
Marketing Automation and Consumer Messaging
=>Financials, Project Management and Risk Management
Business to Business Commerce, Field Service Management, and Digital Customer Service


*		Which persona is a key decision-maker in ERP Cloud Opportunities?
Chief Experience Officer
=> Chief Financial Officer
VP of eCommerce
VP of Service


*		Which online portal available to Oracle employees provides easy access to key sales assets?
Persona Central
= Sales Central
Demo Central
Oracle Cloud Readiness


*		What emerging technologies are being utilized within Oracle ERP Cloud?
Nanotechnology, Artificial Intelligence, and Robotics
Block Chain, Augmented Reality, and Crypto Currency
= Machine Learning, Artificial Intelligence and Block Chain
Augmented Reality, Machine Learning, and Optical Computing


*		What is a key differentiator of Oracle ERP Cloud?
= Oracle ERP Cloud is part of a unified cloud solution allowing processes to flow automatically, end-to-end, across departments and teams.
Oracle ERP Cloud is a specialized point solution designed to support only very specific ERP business processes.
Oracle ERP cloud provides large updates to its customers every few years that allow for reimplementation of the solution.
Oracle ERP Cloud is a stand alone cloud solution that ensures ERP business processes and data are isolated from other departments.


*		How does Oracle ERP Cloud benefit the customer?
Oracle ERP cloud allows for the preparation of narrative reports.
= Oracle ERP Cloud provides for inventory planning.
Oracle ERP Cloud provides employee benefits management.
Oracle ERP Cloud provides insight into the financial health of a company.


*		Which of the following business functions is supported by Oracle ERP Cloud?
Recruiting New Talent
Recording Financial Transactions
Generating Customer Leads
= Managing Inventory Requirements


*		Which of the following is a key function of Oracle ERP Cloud?
Manage Customer Experience Across Multiple Channels
Manage Employee Benefits
= Control Cost and Risks
Manage Marketing Interactions with Customers